He really regarded himself as the unparalleled supreme
Shoot him to death!
How do you have such skills
These are the elites of the Peerless Army Curse
You deserve to be called the Peerless Army
It's just nine that will oppress the people
Just waiting
your surname
Lu Shuang, how dare you hurt my brother?
In Daxia, you dare to fight thousands of households in the unparalleled army
Equivalent to treason
There is no way for you to survive in heaven and earth
I'm the only one who leaves life behind
No one has dared to tell me about my biology
You don't sound small
If I brought more brothers today
Kneeling on the ground now
It's you.
Even if you bring the Million Peerless Army here
You have to kneel and sing obediently
A little strength dares to be arrogant
The normal city lord will come soon
At that time, it will be too late for you to regret the city lord
So this is what you rely on
Fine. I'll just stand here and wait for him to pass.
But
You all have to kneel and wait
i